all right here we go with our croak
monster my favorite open-faced sandwich
and I had that cheesy beige smell
leftover so here's I'm going to do with
it I'm going to take a leave on bread
this is just a classic French country
loaf of bread the round oval kind round
oval I guess it's got to be one or the
other
I guess it's round so we're going to cut
four nice big thick slices right out of
the center so I'm not going to use the
two end pieces all right now important
since we're going to throw these in the
oven they got to be the same thickness
otherwise you know one's going to cook
faster than the other so those are good
3/4 of an inch thick I'm going to
drizzle about I don't know tablespoon
olive oil on one side I'm going to flip
them over all right so there's olive oil
on the bottom I'm going to take my
cheesy bechamel sauce now if you don't
know where I got that or how that came
to be you got to watch two clips on the
site the bechamel clip and then the
beginning of the cheese souffle clip
where I added the cheese so it's
basically a cheese infused I use creer a
cheese infused time scented bechamel and
I'm putting a nice thick coating on each
of these slices so that's about a half a
cup of bechamel I'm going to spread
between four so if my math serves me
correctly this was at an eighth of a cup
all right now here's an important tip
here go all the way to the edges of the
bread because it's going to go in a hot
oven and we don't want the edges to burn
so if it's covered all the way to the
edge with the bechamel you don't have to
worry about that alright so make sure
you get full coverage now what you top
these with up to you I mean that's kinda
obvious right but I'm going to use the
traditional or one of the traditional
combos here this is some nice smoky
black forest ham I'm going to do maybe
three or four thin slices per just like
pizza you don't want too much topping if
you get too much topping it's just it's
too much less is more so a few slices of
smoking ham is traditional all right on
top of that I'm going to use a nice ripe
tomato
and if you can't find a ripe tomato
don't even bother it don't put some pink
mealy supermarket tomato on there so I'm
going to put a couple slices on each all
right and I didn't show it I want to
save time I did a little salt and pepper
on the tomato and then I'm going to top
it with a couple tablespoons of grated
melty cheese now what will work here any
kind of Swiss cheddar I actually used
fontina which is a nice one of my
favorite cheese's I had some in the
fridge so again you don't want so much
that it just turns into a big giant glob
of cheese so a couple tablespoons of
cheese is plenty monetari Monterey Jack
would work great here pepper jack all
right if you can't eat cheese mean this
is not the best not the best demo to be
watching I'm sorry about that but if you
do there's nothing better all right to
top it off I'm going to take some hard
grating cheese pecorino romano would
work this is a Reggiano parmesan so just
a just a little sprinkling this is going
to help with the color it's also going
to give it just a little extra layer of
flavor so I put just maybe a half a
teaspoon Reggiano on each and then just
to finish this off a real light
drizzling of the extra virgin olive oil
maybe a half a teaspoon and those are
ready for a hot oven so I bake these at
400 till they were done now how long did
they take they took about 15-20 minutes
all right but you got to check them what
you want is beautiful golden brown on
the top and the bottoms because we had a
little olive oil on the pan the bottom
is just crisped up a little bit so you
know after 50 minutes check it look
underneath but that's what it's supposed
to look like when it's done
and that is a beautiful beautiful
open-faced sandwich again you cut into
that there's a little creamy layer that
time infused cheese bechamel underneath
your ham your cheese your tomato these
are great with asparagus I've seen it
done with the broccoli I mean you can
top it with anything but but it is a
really nice lunch great picnic item and
one last tip these are much better room
temperature than they are hot out of the
oven first of all you burn the heck out
of your mouth and you just can't taste
all the different flavor so let these
cool down to room temperature just warm
and and then I think he got something
anyway
give these a try and enjoy